feat: add BIEN range preprocessing utility and refactor exposure workflow to support BIEN ranges (#114)
uw-ssec/biodiversity-horizons: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### Running exposure calculation workflow:

- Identify your directories:
  - A data folder with the shp_config.yml (for shapefile-derived species data)
    or bien_config.yml (for BIEN species data) and relevant .rds files (either
    your own or from the cloned data-raw/)
  - An outputs directory for script results
  - You can update arguments by updating the shp_config.yml or bien_config.yml.
  - If you face error running the below command - try updating the "workers" to

>     1 in the config.yml and rerun below command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1 in the corresponding `yml` file and rerun below command.
```
